<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />

<title>Introduction</title><style type="text/css">table {border-spacing: 0;empty-cells: show;} p.P3 {keep-together:always; } p.P5 {orphans:2; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<p><a href="http://localhost:8000/packages/ice-guide/study-modules/module01.htm">Test internal link</a></p><p><a href="http://localhost:8000/packages/ice-guide/study-modules/module01x.htm">Bad Test link</a></p><p><a href="http://localhost:8000/packages/ice-guide/src/test.txt">Src/test.txt test link</a></p><p><a href="http://www.java.com/?x=1&amp;y=2">External link with &amp;</a></p><p><a href="http://localhost:8000/packages/ice-guide/intro-material/introduction.htm?x=1&amp;y=2">Internal link with &amp;</a></p><p><a href="http://localhost:8000/packages/ice-guide">Home link1</a></p><p><a href="http://localhost:8000/packages/ice-guide/default.htm">Home link2</a></p><p></p><p><a href="http://localhost:8000/packages/iceDoc/study-modules/module06.htm">External package link</a></p><p></p><p>The ICE (Integrated Content Environment) system will provide an easy-to-use editing interface with a web-based application to manage courses and course-related communication.</p><p>Data is stored in XML format to allow for automatic conversion to websites, CD and print.</p><p>ICE has two main components. Firstly, there is a content authoring system with an easy-to-use word-processor based application. Secondly, there is a web-based application designed to tie together all of the other systems Courses can be edited with a familiar word processing environment, using templates on-campus or off-campus. For further details, visit the USQ website &lt;<a href="http://www.usq.edu.au/dec/staff/ice.htm">http://www.usq.edu.au/dec/staff/ice.htm</a>&gt;.</p><h1>
<a name="id2651572" id="id2651572"><!--id2651572--></a>1 OpenOffice.org</h1><p>The OpenOffice.org suite is open source and includes applications for presentations (Impress), spreadsheets (Calc), drawings (Draw), formula editor (Math) and word-processing (Writer). Open source means that the software and its program code are available to the public at no cost.</p><p>OpenOffice.org Writer is used for word processing ICE content. As the ICE system develops, it is intended that Microsoft Word will be an alternative word processor.</p><h1>
<a name="id2659309" id="id2659309"><!--id2659309--></a>2 Structured content</h1><p>A structured document contains logical elements ordered consistently. For example, a simple structure could be: introduction, body, conclusion, list of references. When you use structured documents, it can assist the reader and also assist when reusing information.</p><p class="x">There are many benefits to structured documents including: </p><ul class="lib"><li><p>increased usability of the authoring environment as the structure provides guidance</p></li><li><p>ability to automate rendering to multiple output formats</p></li><li><p>easy re-use of content parts</p></li><li><p>consistent format</p></li><li><p>more efficient authoring as formatting is not setup for each individual document by each individual author</p></li><li><p>content can be machine readable as well as human readable. </p></li></ul><h1>
<a name="id2659579" id="id2659579"><!--id2659579--></a>3 Directory structure</h1><p>To assist you with maintaining consistent directory and content structure, you will be supplied with a sample course. The directories contain a few documents to base your content structure on. </p><h2>
<a name="id2657788" id="id2657788"><!--id2657788--></a>3.1 Source (src) folder</h2><p>Most directories contain a ‘src’ folder. The ICE system will ignore files located in a ‘src’ folder when creating the website manifest.</p><h2>
<a name="id2657806" id="id2657806"><!--id2657806--></a>3.2 Conventions used in this guide</h2><p>As with many software programs, there is usually more than one way to access a function. For example, you may like to use the menus or keyboard shortcuts. This guide will not explain all possibilities when discussing a function. As you become more familiar with OOo Writer, you will find the best way that suits you. </p><p>This guide has been written using OpenOffice.org Writer 2 running on a Windows<sup>xp</sup> operating system. The following conventions are used in this guide.</p><ul class="lib"><li><p>OpenOffice.org may be abbreviated to OOo and described similar to:</p><p>Become familiar with OOo Writer.</p></li><li><p>Actions requiring the use of menus will be described similar to:</p><p>From the Menu, select File...New...Text Document.</p><p>The ellipses (...) means that one action follows another. The example given above would translate as: From the Menu, select File then select the New option then select the Text Document option.</p></li><li><p>When giving step-by-step instructions, it will usually be assumed that you have OOo Writer open. Therefore, the first step will not be to instruct you to open OpenOffice.org Writer.</p></li><li><p>Keyboard shortcuts are placed inside angle brackets and described similar to:</p><p>Press the &lt;F1&gt; key on the keyboard.</p><p>&lt;Alt&gt; + &lt;S&gt;...&lt;P&gt;...&lt;P&gt; (This means press down the &lt;Alt&gt; key while you press the &lt;S&gt; key, press the &lt;P&gt; key then press the &lt;P&gt; key again.)</p></li><li><p>URLs are placed inside angle brackets and described similar to:</p><p>...visit the USQ website &lt;<a href="http://www.usq.edu.au/dec/staff/ice.htm" target="_blank">http://www.usq.edu.au/dec/staff/ice.htm</a>&gt;.</p></li></ul><h1>
<a name="id2636738" id="id2636738"><!--id2636738--></a>4 Information sources</h1><p>This guide has been prepared as a quick reference only. Some other sources for accessing information on using OOo Writer and ICE follow.</p><ol class="lin" style="list-style: decimal;"><li><p>The Help supplied with OOo Writer. From the Menu, select Help...OpenOffice.org Help or press &lt;F1&gt; on the keyboard. Find information about a specific area by searching or using the contents and index.</p></li><li><p>The OpenOffice.org website &lt;<a href="http://www.openoffice.org/" target="_blank">http://www.openoffice.org</a>&gt;.</p></li><li><p>Reference books such as <i>OpenOffice.org Writer: the free alternative to Microsoft Word</i> by Jean Hollis Weber.</p></li><li><p>An ICE overview &lt;<a href="http://www.usq.edu.au/dec/staff/ice.htm">http://www.usq.edu.au/dec/staff/ice.htm</a>&gt;.</p></li></ol><p></p><h2>
<a name="id2653398" id="id2653398"><!--id2653398--></a>4.1 Testing</h2></body>
</html>


