<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />

<title>Integrated Content Environment (ICE)</title><style type="text/css">table {border-spacing: 0;empty-cells: show;} p.P3 {margin-top:0.101cm; margin-bottom:0cm; font-family:; } p.P4 {margin-top:0cm; margin-bottom:0.21cm; font-family:; } p.P5 {margin-top:7.2cm; margin-bottom:0.15cm; font-family:; } p.P6 {font-family:; } p.P8 {margin-top:0cm; margin-bottom:0.42cm; } p.P9 {margin-top:9.999cm; margin-bottom:0.21cm; font-family:; } p.P10 {font-family:; } p.P11 {margin-top:0.21cm; margin-bottom:1.76cm; font-family:; } p.P12 {font-family:; } p.P13 {font-family:; } p.P18 {page-break-after: auto; } p.P20 {keep-together:always; } p.P22 {orphans:2; }</style>
</head>
<body>
<p class="P1"></p><p></p><p></p><p class="P3">Distance and e-Learning Centre USQ</p><p class="P4"></p><p class="P5">User guide</p><p class="P6">(Version 0.4.1 – 3 October 2006)</p><p></p><p></p><p class="P7"></p><p class="P8"></p><p class="P9"><b>Published by<br />
University of Southern Queensland<br />
Toowoomba Queensland 4350<br />
Australia</b></p><p class="P10">http://www.usq.edu.au</p><p class="P11">© University of Southern Queensland, 2007.1.</p><p class="P10">Copyrighted materials reproduced herein are used under the provisions of the <i>Copyright Act</i> 1968 as amended, or as a result of application to the copyright owner.</p><p class="P10">No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise without prior permission.</p><p class="P10">Produced by the Distance and e-Learning Centre using the ICE Publishing System.</p><p></p><p class="P12">Table of contents</p><p></p><p class="right">Page</p><p></p><p></p><p><a name="_end_of_template_" id="_end_of_template_"><!--_end_of_template_--></a></p><p>Test internal link</p><p>Bad Test link</p><p>Src/test.txt test link</p><p><a href="http://www.java.com/?x=1&amp;y=2">External link with &amp;</a></p><p><a href="#_1_start_">Internal link with &amp;</a></p><p>Home link1</p><p>Home link2</p><p></p><p>External package link</p><p></p><p>The ICE (Integrated Content Environment) system will provide an easy-to-use editing interface with a web-based application to manage courses and course-related communication.</p><p>Data is stored in XML format to allow for automatic conversion to websites, CD and print.</p><p>ICE has two main components. Firstly, there is a content authoring system with an easy-to-use word-processor based application. Secondly, there is a web-based application designed to tie together all of the other systems Courses can be edited with a familiar word processing environment, using templates on-campus or off-campus. For further details, visit the USQ website &lt;<a href="http://www.usq.edu.au/dec/staff/ice.htm">http://www.usq.edu.au/dec/staff/ice.htm</a>&gt;.</p><h1>
<a name="id2651320" id="id2651320"><!--id2651320--></a>1 OpenOffice.org</h1><p>The OpenOffice.org suite is open source and includes applications for presentations (Impress), spreadsheets (Calc), drawings (Draw), formula editor (Math) and word-processing (Writer). Open source means that the software and its program code are available to the public at no cost.</p><p>OpenOffice.org Writer is used for word processing ICE content. As the ICE system develops, it is intended that Microsoft Word will be an alternative word processor.</p><h1>
<a name="id2651346" id="id2651346"><!--id2651346--></a>2 Structured content</h1><p>A structured document contains logical elements ordered consistently. For example, a simple structure could be: introduction, body, conclusion, list of references. When you use structured documents, it can assist the reader and also assist when reusing information.</p><p class="x">There are many benefits to structured documents including: </p><ul class="lib"><li><p>increased usability of the authoring environment as the structure provides guidance</p></li><li><p>ability to automate rendering to multiple output formats</p></li><li><p>easy re-use of content parts</p></li><li><p>consistent format</p></li><li><p>more efficient authoring as formatting is not setup for each individual document by each individual author</p></li><li><p>content can be machine readable as well as human readable. </p></li></ul><h1>
<a name="id2651417" id="id2651417"><!--id2651417--></a>3 Directory structure</h1><p>To assist you with maintaining consistent directory and content structure, you will be supplied with a sample course. The directories contain a few documents to base your content structure on. </p><h2>
<a name="id2651434" id="id2651434"><!--id2651434--></a>3.1 Source (src) folder</h2><p>Most directories contain a ‘src’ folder. The ICE system will ignore files located in a ‘src’ folder when creating the website manifest.</p><h2>
<a name="id2651452" id="id2651452"><!--id2651452--></a>3.2 Conventions used in this guide</h2><p>As with many software programs, there is usually more than one way to access a function. For example, you may like to use the menus or keyboard shortcuts. This guide will not explain all possibilities when discussing a function. As you become more familiar with OOo Writer, you will find the best way that suits you. </p><p>This guide has been written using OpenOffice.org Writer 2 running on a Windows<sup>xp</sup> operating system. The following conventions are used in this guide.</p><ul class="lib"><li><p>OpenOffice.org may be abbreviated to OOo and described similar to:</p><p>Become familiar with OOo Writer.</p></li><li><p>Actions requiring the use of menus will be described similar to:</p><p>From the Menu, select File...New...Text Document.</p><p>The ellipses (...) means that one action follows another. The example given above would translate as: From the Menu, select File then select the New option then select the Text Document option.</p></li><li><p>When giving step-by-step instructions, it will usually be assumed that you have OOo Writer open. Therefore, the first step will not be to instruct you to open OpenOffice.org Writer.</p></li><li><p>Keyboard shortcuts are placed inside angle brackets and described similar to:</p><p>Press the &lt;F1&gt; key on the keyboard.</p><p>&lt;Alt&gt; + &lt;S&gt;...&lt;P&gt;...&lt;P&gt; (This means press down the &lt;Alt&gt; key while you press the &lt;S&gt; key, press the &lt;P&gt; key then press the &lt;P&gt; key again.)</p></li><li><p>URLs are placed inside angle brackets and described similar to:</p><p>...visit the USQ website &lt;<a href="http://www.usq.edu.au/dec/staff/ice.htm" target="_blank">http://www.usq.edu.au/dec/staff/ice.htm</a>&gt;.</p></li></ul><h1>
<a name="id2651605" id="id2651605"><!--id2651605--></a>4 Information sources</h1><p>This guide has been prepared as a quick reference only. Some other sources for accessing information on using OOo Writer and ICE follow.</p><ol class="lin" style="list-style: decimal;"><li><p>The Help supplied with OOo Writer. From the Menu, select Help...OpenOffice.org Help or press &lt;F1&gt; on the keyboard. Find information about a specific area by searching or using the contents and index.</p></li><li><p>The OpenOffice.org website &lt;<a href="http://www.openoffice.org/" target="_blank">http://www.openoffice.org</a>&gt;.</p></li><li><p>Reference books such as <i>OpenOffice.org Writer: the free alternative to Microsoft Word</i> by Jean Hollis Weber.</p></li><li><p>An ICE overview &lt;<a href="http://www.usq.edu.au/dec/staff/ice.htm">http://www.usq.edu.au/dec/staff/ice.htm</a>&gt;.</p></li></ol><p></p><p>Testing<a name="_1_end_" id="_1_end_"><!--_1_end_--></a></p><p>Test internal link</p><p>Bad Test link</p><p>Src/test.txt test link</p><p><a href="http://www.java.com/?x=1&amp;y=2">External link with &amp;</a></p><p><a href="#_1_start_">Internal link with &amp;</a></p><p>Home link1</p><p>Home link2</p><p></p><p>External package link</p><p></p><p>The ICE (Integrated Content Environment) system will provide an easy-to-use editing interface with a web-based application to manage courses and course-related communication.</p><p>Data is stored in XML format to allow for automatic conversion to websites, CD and print.</p><p>ICE has two main components. Firstly, there is a content authoring system with an easy-to-use word-processor based application. Secondly, there is a web-based application designed to tie together all of the other systems Courses can be edited with a familiar word processing environment, using templates on-campus or off-campus. For further details, visit the USQ website &lt;<a href="http://www.usq.edu.au/dec/staff/ice.htm">http://www.usq.edu.au/dec/staff/ice.htm</a>&gt;.</p><h1>
<a name="id2651823" id="id2651823"><!--id2651823--></a>5 OpenOffice.org</h1><p>The OpenOffice.org suite is open source and includes applications for presentations (Impress), spreadsheets (Calc), drawings (Draw), formula editor (Math) and word-processing (Writer). Open source means that the software and its program code are available to the public at no cost.</p><p>OpenOffice.org Writer is used for word processing ICE content. As the ICE system develops, it is intended that Microsoft Word will be an alternative word processor.</p><h1>
<a name="id2651848" id="id2651848"><!--id2651848--></a>6 Structured content</h1><p>A structured document contains logical elements ordered consistently. For example, a simple structure could be: introduction, body, conclusion, list of references. When you use structured documents, it can assist the reader and also assist when reusing information.</p><p class="x">There are many benefits to structured documents including: </p><ul class="lib"><li><p>increased usability of the authoring environment as the structure provides guidance</p></li><li><p>ability to automate rendering to multiple output formats</p></li><li><p>easy re-use of content parts</p></li><li><p>consistent format</p></li><li><p>more efficient authoring as formatting is not setup for each individual document by each individual author</p></li><li><p>content can be machine readable as well as human readable. </p></li></ul><h1>
<a name="id2651922" id="id2651922"><!--id2651922--></a>7 Directory structure</h1><p>To assist you with maintaining consistent directory and content structure, you will be supplied with a sample course. The directories contain a few documents to base your content structure on. </p><h2>
<a name="id2651938" id="id2651938"><!--id2651938--></a>7.1 Source (src) folder</h2><p>Most directories contain a ‘src’ folder. The ICE system will ignore files located in a ‘src’ folder when creating the website manifest.</p><h2>
<a name="id2651956" id="id2651956"><!--id2651956--></a>7.2 Conventions used in this guide</h2><p>As with many software programs, there is usually more than one way to access a function. For example, you may like to use the menus or keyboard shortcuts. This guide will not explain all possibilities when discussing a function. As you become more familiar with OOo Writer, you will find the best way that suits you. </p><p>This guide has been written using OpenOffice.org Writer 2 running on a Windows<sup>xp</sup> operating system. The following conventions are used in this guide.</p><ul class="lib"><li><p>OpenOffice.org may be abbreviated to OOo and described similar to:</p><p>Become familiar with OOo Writer.</p></li><li><p>Actions requiring the use of menus will be described similar to:</p><p>From the Menu, select File...New...Text Document.</p><p>The ellipses (...) means that one action follows another. The example given above would translate as: From the Menu, select File then select the New option then select the Text Document option.</p></li><li><p>When giving step-by-step instructions, it will usually be assumed that you have OOo Writer open. Therefore, the first step will not be to instruct you to open OpenOffice.org Writer.</p></li><li><p>Keyboard shortcuts are placed inside angle brackets and described similar to:</p><p>Press the &lt;F1&gt; key on the keyboard.</p><p>&lt;Alt&gt; + &lt;S&gt;...&lt;P&gt;...&lt;P&gt; (This means press down the &lt;Alt&gt; key while you press the &lt;S&gt; key, press the &lt;P&gt; key then press the &lt;P&gt; key again.)</p></li><li><p>URLs are placed inside angle brackets and described similar to:</p><p>...visit the USQ website &lt;<a href="http://www.usq.edu.au/dec/staff/ice.htm" target="_blank">http://www.usq.edu.au/dec/staff/ice.htm</a>&gt;.</p></li></ul><h1>
<a name="id2652109" id="id2652109"><!--id2652109--></a>8 Information sources</h1><p>This guide has been prepared as a quick reference only. Some other sources for accessing information on using OOo Writer and ICE follow.</p><ol class="lin" style="list-style: decimal;"><li><p>The Help supplied with OOo Writer. From the Menu, select Help...OpenOffice.org Help or press &lt;F1&gt; on the keyboard. Find information about a specific area by searching or using the contents and index.</p></li><li><p>The OpenOffice.org website &lt;<a href="http://www.openoffice.org/" target="_blank">http://www.openoffice.org</a>&gt;.</p></li><li><p>Reference books such as <i>OpenOffice.org Writer: the free alternative to Microsoft Word</i> by Jean Hollis Weber.</p></li><li><p>An ICE overview &lt;<a href="http://www.usq.edu.au/dec/staff/ice.htm">http://www.usq.edu.au/dec/staff/ice.htm</a>&gt;.</p></li></ol><p></p><p>Testing<a name="_2_end_" id="_2_end_"><!--_2_end_--></a></p><p></p></body>
</html>


